a few days ago, I got chatting with a friend who's getting married soon. cute excited and nervous about the approaching wedding day, but lamented that a family and stars were about to send the better part of their parents from mind blogging 6000000 rupees for not so big wedding in and big Indian city. she probably won't have any money to travel in 2018. And hopefully by 2019, they settle down in a new rented apartment and you'll be able to take at least one holiday. Where should I go, he asked me curious me. I couldn't find the words to tell her this, but it's lingering in my mind, so I am going to tell you don't put off your dreams in 2018 here is why. I recently found myself walking the eye of a fancy Mall in Bangkok, looking to buy a winter jacket for my upcoming trip to Switzerland where I get rhyme scheme for the first time in the eyes! As I walked past shop after shop selling trendy clothes, footwear accessories, cosmetics and electronics, I was confused by the materialistic urge to buy whatever I could afford. as someone who has studied marketing at University and been associated with industry for over 8 years, I've Crazy 2 what does behind to settle marketing messages. Right from the latest fashion trends, to upgrading your electronic gadgets, to throw in a lavish weddings, to buying a diamond ring for 3 month of your salary marketing agency understand how to make you create and material possessions. The question we have to ask ourselves please, don't do this position really full service?  if you ask me, it's not the content of my bag that has ever failed me withdrawal. It is chatting with Buddhist monk about life and attachment in a remote Thai Temple, sitting on a traditional way and two platter at a local eatery in Ethiopia and hiking by myself in the snow covered German Alps. And money can buy those experience if we choose to spend it on the things that matter. back in 2012, I won an adventure trip to the remote socotra Island and alien like planet life in your mind. Unfortunately, I didn't have enough money to buy a flight ticket to him and then, and postpone my trip in definitely. And ugly boy was taken over here man severely destroyed the country and access to socotra. It's heartbreaking. back in 2014, I considered spending a month on the island of Dominica, label the Caribbean nature Island and said to be one of the most eco friendly countries in the world. But I dropped the idea thinking I could do it a few years later. Recently, American has nearly destroyed the country and its entire rainforest. At the tries to rebuild itself slowly, it seems like things will never be the same. I am not trying to say that we need to go everywhere right now. But civil unrest, natural disasters and the search of tourist in countries that have recently opened to outsiders are making a dream destinations change quickly. If you can afford to travel somewhere meaningfully just your, do it. It is one thing to stay at home, work when you are always work, hang out with friends you have always floor, do the things you are always done. But if you want to grow as a person, the road can give you plenty of perspective. Living with a my own family in Guatemala, sipping tea with a baby bedding family in make shit 10th in Jordan And mingling with Odisha tried India market, taught me more about life then any class at University of conversation with intelligent people back home. I'm being on the road, going only what I can carry with you, has made me realise that we need little to get by comfortably in life. i20 something Indian girls, if I tried waited for someone to give me permission to travel of a someone else's company, I would never have the half my adventure. My first only trip to Spiti unleashed something in the desire to spend my day exploring new orders on and a deep aspiration for my own company. Some of my fondest solo travel memories include hitchhiking in Bahrain, cycling across the Eastern Ghats of India and hiking in the aquarium and and those memories wouldn't have been the same if I hadn't gone it alone.  but if your apprehensive to give solo travel out right, there are plenty of other way join a group trip, visit a friend in other part of the world comma or try to relocate to a new country. Ultimate know about conquering of clothes and taking the lead. it how much negativity is red in 2 hours by what we did in the news. Everyone are travel, the world be completely different what we have been told. Hanging out with Syrian refugees in Germany, chatting with an Iraqi designer in Italy, living in a tiny village in Honduras label the most violent lekin on earth and smoking Shisha with a Saudi guard in Bahrain me the most people are the same everywhere bomb, beautiful, insecure, friendly just like you and me. I hate to break it to you, but life doesn't care that you plan to follow your dreams in a couple of yours. In 2017, I was shocked and heartbroken to lose two young and inspiring blogger friends to a road accident and disease. My heart goes out to the loved ones, but it doesn't mean that we should live our life in here. It means that life is fragile, that we take too much for granted, that along with planning for the future, we need to live a present in a way that fulfills all.